# RedTeamDBApp

## Authors:
*Bouabdellah Hakim*, *Feruzi Joseph*, *Spoltore Domenico*, *Thien Tran Minh*, *Vasil Alexander*

## Introduction:
*This course explores the process of developing real-world information systems. The team projects that are central to the course allow you to demonstrate that you have synthesized the materials covered in the courses leading up to this course and to have an opportunity to see how a real commercial system is developed. You will be introduced to methods and techniques currently being used to determine what a client wants and needs. You will also have the opportunity to analyze these requirements and design and build a database system for an actual organization. As well, you will experience what it is to be part of a development team. The general objective of the course is to simulate the process of developing computerized information systems that you are likely to encounter in any analyst or programmer work environment. The specific objectives are to learn about project management, information and requirements gathering, data modeling, information-level design, user interface design and prototyping. You will also learn how to both lead, and be a member of, a project team. The course consists of two projects: The development of a prototype database information system (the development project), and documentation about the process of building that system (the documentation project).*

## Problem Statement:
*You will be working on two projects simultaneously: A development project, and a documentation project.
If at all possible, the development project should originate in a real-life company or organization. Suggested companies are the following: Bicycle stores, clothing stores, music stores, small private schools, dépanneurs, restaurants, small grocery stores, gyms, small private businesses, daycares, seniors’ residences and so on.
What is important is that the owner or manager is willing to spend some time with you to describe how their business works and discuss with you business problems they may be having. Their feedback is critical. The more time you have with them the better, as long as you can capture requirements and break them down into user stories. You will be taught how to do this during your lectures. Your clients typically won’t talk to you unless you have something to show them, but by making sure that the feedback loops are short, you can get more iterations in and end up with a higher quality product that is more suited to their needs. Value their time above everything else and be focused, have an agenda and prepare things ahead of time.*
